hold on
this is getting ready to go fishing they
see where we goin fishin
where you saying you to Reese the words
fish on research oh man that's a good
one whoa got a fast time up are you
winding rivers right keep rolling it in
honey she's too excited to see it bring
up some ass Chris get the other camera
it's in the bay Rock him up look at that
fisheries real it ended it for good
she's a little afraid I think wow nice
fish looking fish good job Reese look at
daddy Ruiz look
that was a big one Gregory's real Oh
kind of fish let's get a picture next to
it touch a Reese
what do you think you hold it get it
briefs yeah
joubert games if I fish yes